Console-daemon update to Microsoft.Identity.Web 2 (#74)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-docs-code-dotnet: console-daemon/README.md

<!-- SAMPLE ID: DOCS-CODE-010 -->
# .NET | console | .NET (C#) console app that accesses a protected web API access (Microsoft Graph) | Microsoft identity platform

> This .NET console application accesses protected web API (Microsoft Graph) as its own identity by using the [Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for .NET](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/dotnet/). The application is written in C# and supports scenarios like cron jobs and direct command-line invocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This .NET console application accesses a protected web API (Microsoft Graph) as its own identity using the client credentials flow. The app uses [Microsoft.Identity.Web](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/dotnet/microsoft-identity-web/), which provides a set of higher-level APIs over the [Microsoft Authentication Library (MSAL) for .NET](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/msal/dotnet/). The application is written in C# and supports scenarios like cron jobs and direct command-line invocation.
```
